Step 1
As the install.sh script is meant for many different configurations, the step 1 will perform some checks and adapt the list of steps that 
are needed for your particular configuration. Check the output of the script to see if anything is wrong and we can then continue.

List of Steps
The -l option can be used to list all those steps now that the step 1 has adapted it to your configuration. 

Step 2
This step will check for all the ISO files needed for all the installation steps, you will be prompted for missing files then copy the 
missing files in the WorkDir directory and relaunch the step. 

Step 3
This step will create the required users 

Step 4
This step will set up the cell connectivity creating the /etc/oracle/cell/network-config/cellip.ora and 
/etc/oracle/cell/network-config/cellinit.ora files 

Step 5
This step will check the Infiniband configuration and test the performances of it using the infinicheck script 

Step 6
This step will check the cells using the cellcli -e calibrate command. It also tests the performance of the cell disks and report any 
issue. 

Step 7
This step will create the cell disks, flashlog and flashcache 

Step 8
This step will create the grid disks 

Step 9
This step will install the Grid Infrastructure 

Step 10
This step will run the root.sh script on all the nodes. 

Step 11
This step will install Oracle database 

Step 12
This step will relink the installed Oracle databases homes with RDS (protocol to use Infiniband) 

Step 13
This step will create the ASM diskgroups according to what has been defined by the client in the XML configuration file 
(this is the perfect timing to double check, triple check, etc... the name of the diskgroups before creating it to avoid to have to 
rename the diskgroups later) 

Step 14
This step will create the databases as defined in the <client>-<cluster>.xml file. In my cases, no databases were defined there as the 
client wanted to create them manually. 

Step 15
This step applies some security fixes; 

Step 16
This step installs the Exachk tool 

Step 17
This step creates an installation summary 

Step 18
This step is to “ Resecure the machine ”; this step is meant to :
expire all passwords (need to be changed at next login)
implement password aging and complexity
tightened some permissions
drop the root ssh keys