OECA - Oracle Exadata Configuration Assistance

RDMA over Converged Ethernet (RoCE) or InfiniBand over Ethernet (IBoE) is a network protocol 
that allows remote direct memory access (RDMA) over an Ethernet network

PCIe (peripheral component interconnect express)

HC Storage Servers have four NVMe PCI Flash cards each with 6.4 TB
(raw) Exadata Smart Flash Cache and twelve 18 TB 7,200 RPM disks.

Smart Scan
greatly accelerates query execution, eliminates bottlenecks, and significantly
reduces the CPU usage of the database servers.
offloads data intensive SQL operations from the database servers directly into the storage 
servers.
Only the rows and columns that are directly relevant to a query are sent to the database
servers. 

Storage Indexes 
helps avoid unnecessary I/O operations and improves overall performance.
Maintained automatically in-memory on the storage server, track minimum and maximum column 
values for table data contained in a storage region on that storage server, If
the column value doesn’t exist in the Storage Index, then scan I/O in that region
for that query is skipped. 

X9M-2, Eighth Rack

1. Database Server	2 nodes, 64 cores
2. Storage Server	3 cells, 48 cores
3. Raw Capacity HC	324 TB disk, 38.4 TB Flash, 2.3 TB Persistent Memory 

High Capacity Storage Server (HC): 
1. Twelve 18 TB SAS disk drives with 216 TB total raw disk capacity.
	note: SAS is faster in r/w.
2. Four 6.4 TB flash accelerator cards for a total raw capacity of 25.6 TB of flash memory.
	note: flash cache frequently accessed data while keeping infrequently accessed data 
	on disk.
3. Shared persistent memory, twelve 128 GB with 1.6 TB

+Database Servers
Up to 19x servers, 1216 cores max per rack

+Storage Servers
Up to 18x servers, 576 cores max per rack

Eighth Rack Database Servers can be expanded by installing an additional 32 core CPU and 128GB
Memory per server

Storage can be expanded by adding additional Eighth Rack High Capacity, High Capacity (HC), 
Extreme Flash (EF) and/or Extended (XT) Storage Servers.